Requireopt (#1905)
premake/premake-core: website/docs/require.md

`versions` is an optional string of a version requirements. See the examples below for more information on the format of the requirements string. If the requirements are not met, an error will be raised.

> `silent` will change the default error handling behavior.

Author: Done

By default, `require` raises an error if the module could not be loaded

> or if the module version odes not meat the `versions` criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or if the module version does not meet the `versions` criteria.
```
